Captioning sponsored by
MacNEIL/LEHRER PRODUCTIONS
>> Woodruff: PRESIDENT OBAMA
LOOKED BACK AT A BRUISING
2013 TODAY, FENDING OFF
QUESTIONS ABOUT HEALTH CARE,
GOVERNMENT SURVEILLANCE AND
OTHER ISSUES DURING A YEAR-END
NEWS CONFERENCE.
GOOD EVENING, I'M JUDY WOODRUFF.
ALSO AHEAD, VIDEO GAMES FOR THE
AGING BRAIN.
CAN MENTAL WORKOUTS KEEP PEOPLE
SHARP AS THEY GROW OLDER?
>> THE PROOF WILL BE IN THE
PUDDING.
IT'S NOT GOING TO HAPPEN TO ME
NOW WHILE I'M IN MY 50s, BUT IF
I'M STILL ABLE TO DO STUFF LIKE
THIS IN MY 80s, I'LL BE
THRILLED.
>> Woodruff: AND IT'S FRIDAY.
MARK SHIELDS AND DAVID BROOKS
REACT TO PRESIDENT OBAMA'S
REMARKS TODAY, AND THE REST OF
THE WEEK'S NEWS.
THOSE ARE JUST SOME OF THE
STORIES WE'RE COVERING ON
TONIGHT'S "PBS NEWSHOUR."